Update readmes to match common design (Feature Layers category) 3/x (#453)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: feature_layers/feature-layer-rendering-mode-map/README.md

In static rendering mode, features and graphics are rendered only when needed (for example, after an extent change) and offloads a significant portion of the graphical processing onto the CPU. As a result, less work is required by the GPU to draw the graphics, and the GPU can spend its resources on keeping the UI interactive. Use this mode for stationary graphics, complex geometries, and very large numbers of features or graphics. The number of features and graphics has little impact on frame render time, meaning it scales well, and pushes a constant GPU payload. However, rendering updates is CPU and system memory intensive, which can have an impact on device battery life.

## How to use the sample

> Use the 'Animated Zoom' button to trigger the same zoom animation on both static and dynamically maps.

Reviewer: Our sample doesn't have an animated zoom button: it just triggers the zoom animation on launching.

Author: Good catch, I've updated this section!

## How it works

> 1. Create an `ArcGISMap` and call `getLoadSettings()` and then `setPreferred[Point/Polyline/Polygon]FeatureRenderingMode(...)`.

Reviewer: I prefer our original instructions to make the API read clearer: 

2. Set preferred rendering mode to map, `mapBottom.getLoadSettings().setPreferredPointFeatureRenderingMode(FeatureLayer.RenderingMode.DYNAMIC)`.	
    * Can set preferred rendering mode for `Points`, `Polylines`, or `Polygons`.

Author: I've had a go at restructuring this section a little. Let me know what you think?

## How to use the sample

When the sample is launched, it will trigger the same zoom animation on both the static and dynamic maps.

## How it works

1. Create an `ArcGISMap`

> 2. Set the `RenderingMode` for a specific type of Graphic by calling `arcGISMap.getLoadSettings().setPreferredPointFeatureRenderingMode(FeatureLayer.RenderingMode.DYNAMIC)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the `RenderingMode` for a specific type of `Graphic` e.g. for a `Point` by calling `arcGISMap.getLoadSettings().setPreferredPointFeatureRenderingMode(FeatureLayer.RenderingMode.DYNAMIC)`.
```

>     * You can set the preferred rendering mode for `Point`, Polylines, or Polygons by using the appropriate method.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * You can set the preferred rendering mode for `Point`, `Polyline`, or `Polygon` by using the appropriate method.    
```
